Main.cpp begins with a function ReadFile,
which accepts a string which is
the path to the file that we'll be using for this program.
ReadFile begins by creating an input file stream using ifstream here and
this input file stream is called is and the is is initialized using the path.
Then also, two options here,
standard ios binary and standard ios ate.
Binary means that we'll be reading the data and as
binary data and not converting to any other data type like string.
An ate stands for at the end,
which means that it will immediately seek to the end of the InputStream.
The reason for doing that is that then we can use
input string tellg to determine the size of the input stream,
and we can create a vector called Contents initialized to that size.
So this is a vector of bytes.
Then we can seek back to the beginning of the input stream on line 22.
Then on line 23, read all of the input stream into the contents vector.
When we're done, we will return the contents vector using the standard move of contents.
Move is not something that we've covered in this course.
It will be covered later on the another degree.
Basically, move allows you to transfer the contents of
this vector to another variable without using pointers or references.
Down below in main,
we have some code here to parse command-line arguments.
So you'll see that there's a possible command line argument of dash f,
which allows you to specify the osm datafile that you want to use.
If you don't specify an osm datafile,
then osm datafile will be set to map.osm,
which is the data file we provide.
Then on line 44, there's a vector of bytes called osm data,
and lines 46 through 52 use the ReadFile function to read
the contents of this osm datafile into the vector osmdata.
Then on line 60, we create a route model object using the osm data.
This route model object is called model.
Then we create a route_planner object using
that model and the coordinates 10, 10, 90, 90.
10, 10 are the x and y coordinates of the starting and 90,
90 are the x and y coordinates at the ending point.
After we've created this routeplanner object, main calls routeplanner.
AStarSearch, which performs the AStarSearch on
the route planner and records the results in the route planner object.
Afterwards, on line 69,
there's a random object created using the model.
Then from 71-79 is some IO2D code to display the results.
Here in main is your first to do,
which is to accept user input for the start_x,
start_y, end_x, and end_y coordinates.
You'll use this user input to replace these coordinates here.